fix(docs): improvements to D&D dice roll guide (#283)
fetchai/docs: pages/guides/agents/running-locally.mdx

import { Callout } from 'nextra/components'

# Local AI Agents and Agentverse Services registration

## Introduction

> It may be possible that you develop your AI Agents locally and then want to register them as a service on the [Agentverse ↗️](/concepts/agent-services/agentverse-intro) to be discoverable via [DeltaV ↗️](/concepts/deltav/intro). Luckily this is very easy to do on any system that support **Python 3.10 +**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sometimes you'll want to run an agent on your own hardware or infrastructure; this is very easy to do on any system that support Python 3.10. However, to get these agents to be part of the network, and discoverable you'll need to register them as a service on the [Agentverse ↗️](/concepts/agent-services/agentverse-intro). 

This guide covers this. 
```
